Without any competition, the biogas plant produces more CO2 than the methanol plant needs, so the dual is 0.

Alamia on his paper penalised grid emissions and natural gas emission with a co2 tax, so you pay spot price,ref + tarrif + emission tax

Alamia

Dogan input:
Remove biomethane from the demand and treat biogas plant as a CO2 source for the methanol production. Then the CO2 duals are only affected by the methanol (thus CO2) demand.
Then we can sell whatever biomethane it occurs as a side revenue to the plant at a fixed price.

The estimated cost for biogas is reported to be in the range of 2.6 – 3.21 DKK/Nm3 (400-490 DKK/MWh)

DGC has recently investigated the cost for upgrading, and the cost for larger plants was found to be approx. 0.6 DKK/Nm3 CH4 (4). Adding this cost to the 
cost for biogas results in a biomethane cost of 4.6 – 5.5 DKK/Nm3 CH4 (460 – 550 DKK/MWh) dependent on the type of organic material used and production setup.


What if I add CO2 compression before methanol plant and after biogas so that i can see the cost maybe I can see the non zero cost there
In general, model everything related to CO2 so i can see the cost occuring.

Scenario 1 (Baseline): Methanol w/ UC 40% min 90% RR
Scenario 2: Methanol no UC
Scenario 3: Baseline + no storage
Scenario 4: Baseline + Biogas constant production
Scenario 5: Baseline + Selling biogas w/ a price
Scenario 6: Baseline + Hydrogen selling at 3 Euro/kg
Scenario 7: Baseline + SC5 + SC6
Scenario 8: Baseline 2022
Scenario 9: SC6 + Less methanol demand


Test run Storage 2019 vs Storage 2022: CO2 Storage is utilized more in 2022.
The biogas output is the same because the whole CO2 in the system comes from one source, the biogas plant.
However, having the storage, we allow the biogas plant to be activated less time, when we can sell the electricity we produce to the market for more profit.
With storage we allow a more flexible operation, whereas in our case it doesnt make a significant impact.

The NoStorage scenario has lower marginal cost of methanol and higher CO2Comp internal prices but OVERALL has also lower profit (objFunc) due to electricity now being used in methanol and biogas (and hydrogen)
production rather than being sold when the electricity prices are high, and use the storage for CO2 and H2 feedstock for the methanol production (which drives the demand). So even though no storage option lead to
lower methanol and CO2 marginal costs, it also yields a lower total profit for the industrial cluster (which is the objective of the problem)

